The second round of animation begins
I didn't expect that the dog emperor would be so skilled
That must have been an accident just now
This time, it’s definitely a sure thing
Hmm
It seems that Su Xiunu painted the sea
Look, everyone
This larger one represents the rolling waves
And the smaller one is
A boat
Even if Your Majesty could explain it before
How would you explain all these messy dots that she painted?
They’re all over the place
What do you mean by "all over the place"?
These are clearly seagulls
Seagulls?
As Su Xiunu’s younger sister
You can't even understand her painting?
But it makes sense
Only someone who is truly skilled in painting and calligraphy
Can see the subtle mysteries in this painting
You're still far from that level
I didn’t expect Su Xiunu to have such a broad perspective
When it comes to painting
I'm very pleased
Someone, bring the plaque and confer the title of Zhaoyi to Su Xiunu
She will reside in the Qihua Palace
Zhaoyi? Confer her the title of Zhaoyi, what?
Zhaoyi, what does that mean?
The title of Zhaoyi is too low
In that case, confer the title of Rongfei to Su Xiunu
She will reside in the Changchun Palace
What? How can the matter of conferring consorts be handled so casually?
Moreover, the Changchun Palace is traditionally reserved for empresses
How can it be an exception for a consort?
Everything's in chaos! What on earth is he thinking?
In my past life, when I first entered the palace
I was just a lowly Cairen
How is it that this life is so different?
Could it be that the dog emperor has also been reborn?
Look, Su Xiunu is so happy she’s about to faint
This is just the beginning
How could she faint just from being conferred as a consort?
Where’s the imperial physician? Quick, call the imperial physician!
Your Majesty, I have something to report
Can’t you see your sister is fainting?
Report it later
But, Your Majesty
My sister's virtue is flawed
She’s unworthy of being a consort